[PXCT-1616] App Lab - Update Example Tutorial (#2799)
arduino/docs-content: content/software/app-lab/tutorials/04.examples/all-examples.md

- **None:** Direct communication between Python® and Arduino is facilitated through the Router Bridge.

### Bedtime Story Teller

![Bedtime Story Teller Example](assets/bedtime-storyteller.png)

> The **Bedtime Story Teller** example demonstrates how to build a generative AI application using the Arduino UNO Q. It uses a Large Language Model (LLM) to create personalized bedtime stories based on user-selected parameters like age, theme, and characters, streaming the result in real-time to a web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Bedtime Story Teller** example demonstrates how to build a generative AI application using the Arduino UNO Q. It uses a Large Language Model (LLM) to create personalized bedtime stories based on user-selected parameters such as age, theme, and characters, streaming the results in real time to a web interface.
```
Minor suggestion
